thanks Pedro we're in borgata with chef
Stephen cult from porn aletto thanks so
much for dream us what's on the menu
today we're gonna do a beautiful summary
Sicilian salad i call it sicilian
because i like to use blood oranges you
can use regular oranges we have some
good southern pecorino on deve arugula
let's get started here we go I'm going
to take this on deve is basically a
lettuce and cut it down the middle and
inside is a little bit of a head we want
to take that out of there if we can do
not have to but not a bad idea to take
it out it's a little chewy now to make a
little fancy will throw a couple of the
whole leaves in and then basically just
cut it up
great on deve wild arugula I'm going to
take some blackberries and I'm going to
crush them in the bottom of the bowl to
let out the natural juices and they'll
become part of the dressing basically
now we have some really gorgeous oranges
blood oranges which are typical of
Sicily and I taking the peel off you can
peel it by hand you can cut it by night
and I just sliced them so I'm gonna take
some blood orange out for a little bit
of regular orange in avocado very
important people are a little daunted by
that pin in there I've cut it in half
and now i'm just going to unscrew it
simple is that simple as that great tip
thank you and then we're just going to
put some lines in here so we can take
the avocado out and I've got avocado you
know what I'd love for you to do like
you to just take some of this mint and
tear up a few piece and just throw it in
rough and rustic is completely fine okay
and while you're doing that I'll take
some pecorino the sheep's milk cheese
light but has just enough pungency to
balance this out always good extra
virgin olive oil in this case I've got
Sicilian olive oil which is good extra
virgin olive oil and don't overdress
your salads let everything stand out on
its own also good balsamic vinegar just
a little bit drizzled in
I try to use fresh ground pepper
whenever I can and I use sea salt to
finish things you can use kosher salt
now I'm just going to do this in a
pretty rustic way everything's just
tossed in together you can make it a
little bit I should just by laying a
couple of these leaves out like that
it'll make it a little bit finer but
nothing too fancy and just now this
isn't a difficult salad but it looks
fancy it looks beautiful really an
impressive salad served in the summer it
is and it's you know what it's about the
products it's the color that's making it
look beautiful it's really a lovely
South look it's very rushed and if you'd
like to try it at home you can visit the
regatta calm for the recipe back to your
Pedro